Hello everyone in this video I will tell you
how do i do such a thing like this
house for a hamster it is very easy to do
that's how we need scissors
so which of these glue and box what
reach something as well as 24 nov and then
I'll take you a box
Speaking about what will I take
a little bit like this house and cut
him to the end straight to the end of this country and
less often
here and there here and so also here
Now, just about this house I still
Once again, I took the cardboard and cut
it is more authentic here and this
length and width then cut the entrance here and
Here we do it now we take
A4 paper
To be precise, I will need a little
pieces basically this is a long one
use a piece of mine here
for two here and so this half now
we still glue sticking
and so hence the son Titova pecifications
just running and so here it is
most do on both sides here is such a
the house turns out here from one box at
I got two houses at once
Of course you can call him Prague
and do something
Misha